Why are you laughing?
Because, think about it.
If you say that,
I'll be the one to stop you from doing so.
And if you try to do something,
I'll be the one to stop you.
I'll be the one to stop you from doing so.
I don't want to be laughed at by the people.
I'm sorry, but please have a good night.
I see.
I'll take this with me.
Let's go home.
Gonsuke!
Yes?
Please light the candles.
Yes, sir.
Thank you.
Gonsuke, good night.
Yes, sir.
Goodbye.
You're not going to sleep, are you?
You're getting in my way.
What are you saying?
Beat it.
Yes, sir.
I'm off.
Thank you for your hard work.
It was cold, wasn't it?
Okui, what?
You're going to sleep with me, aren't you?
Yes.
What did you do?
What?
I was going to stay over there.
I told you I was coming out of the house.
You were worried.
You thought I was going to fight you.
So when you said you were going to go,
I was so happy to see you.
You were like a goddess.
I was going to stay over there.
But my wife said,
I don't want to be laughed at.
So I'm going to sleep here tonight.
I'm going to sleep here tonight.
You're such a cute girl.
You're so cute.
Why did you come back?
You can't go.
You keep your anger on me.
I want you to stop your anger on me.
You laugh but you get old.
I'm getting old when I start to laugh.
Go how arc!
How arc!
patotatt patot!
Go how arc!
How cocky.
Not so cocky.
Dirty!
How much power do you have?
I see.
You don't have a candle next to electricity.
You have a wife.
You have such a great wife.
But you don't have a candle.
Knock on the door.
Yes.
Welcome.
You're back.
I'm back.
I can't stop you from doing what you did.
I told you to sleep.
You're tired. Let me sleep.
I'm sorry.
Me too.
I can't help you.
You can rest there.
Gonsuke.
Light the candle.
It's late.